‎My name is Sobantu Sonti.
‎I grew up in Guguletu, Cape Town,
‎where I serve as a congregation elder.
‎I love the people I associate with now,
‎but I wasn’t always like this.
‎I had no love for people.
‎I viewed them only as a way to get rich,
‎by stealing their possessions.
‎I was a violent person,
always on the edge of anger.
‎I used drugs, and I belonged to a gang.
‎We were violent thugs.
‎We lived a very destructive life.
‎In 1989,
‎my mother started associating
with Jehovah’s Witnesses.
‎I noticed her making changes in her life.
‎Previously, she sold alcohol
in the community illegally,
‎but then she stopped.
‎So one Thursday,
I followed her to see where she was going.
‎I was touched to see a boy there
who read the Bible really well.
‎I wanted to be able to do that too.
‎So after the meeting,
I approached a brother,
‎and he said
that I first needed to study the Bible.
‎And that’s how we started the Bible study.
‎I continued studying,
but I struggled to make changes.
‎I was still involved in a lot of bad things,
‎and this caused me to stop the study
‎because I knew I had to clean up my life first.
‎During the years that I did not study,
‎I never stopped thinking about the Bible.
‎Isaiah 40:8 has very touching words that say:
‎“The green grass dries up, the blossom withers,
‎but the word of our God endures forever.”
‎That scripture resonated with me.
‎It helped me to trust in the Bible
and made me want to read it.
‎The book that helped me
to make spiritual progress
‎was the Revelation Climax book,
‎which Jehovah’s Witnesses
were studying back then.
‎It thoroughly explained
‎the Bible book of Revelation,
and that convinced me
‎that whoever wrote this book
could not have done it on their own,
‎but they must have been influenced
by God in order to explain it so well.
‎That book helped me to change my life
‎and to be sure that this was the truth.
‎Four years had passed
since I stopped studying.
‎But in January 1995, I made a decision.
‎One Sunday, I woke up,
‎I got ready, and I went to the meeting.
‎I made rapid progress
‎and was baptized in September, 1995.
‎And six months later,
‎I was appointed
as a full-time teacher of the Bible.
‎Now I view people differently.
‎I see them as people
who deserve a better life.
‎Even if a person
appears unable to change,
‎the Bible can teach a person dignity
and change his life for the better.
‎Now I view people
as those who could be
‎my spiritual friends
—my brothers.